[Music]
Wow the first animal you see reveals a
lot about your personality given that
the smell of one sweat can tell you
whether or not they're an overall happy
person but let's not resort to this less
than pleasant method if for no other
reason then it's rather creepy and it'll
harm your reputation your new nickname
will be the sniffer it will not win you
friends but it will influence people in
the negative really it's way better to
uncover the hidden features of your
character with some help from the animal
kingdom to learn a lot more about
yourself just look at the picture of
pick the animal you saw first and get
ready to find out what it means in the
meanwhile don't forget to click the
subscribe button and turn on post
notifications to join us on the bright
side number one a butterfly seeing the
butterfly first can indicate a sensitive
person with a vulnerable soul but that
doesn't mean you can't leave your
comfort zone without a problem
your easygoing open to new experiences
and knowledge and live for today without
thinking about the future you like being
in the spotlight and have a knack for
keeping up with trends and local events
you are a romantic person who let your
mind wander and you're definitely no
stranger to daydreaming you try not to
think about problems that get you down
and take only the best from life you
prefer to look on the bright side wink
wink and you try to find the positive
aspects of any situation number two an
eagle now if you saw the eagle
immediately then you could be considered
a proud and slightly arrogant person
you're confident in yourself and your
abilities so you're always ready to
defend your opinion you aren't afraid of
difficulties and obstacles you overcome
all of them with dignity freedom of
action and self-expression are important
to you you don't like it when someone
occupies your personal space or tries to
dictate their rules to you you have a
sharp eye for detail and are able to
notice little things that may seem
trivial at first glance yet say so much
about a person or situation you're full
of determination and can't be stopped
when it comes to achieving your goals
number three a dog well if you notice
the dog right away then you're probably
a kind and friendly person
who doesn't like to be alone you're true
to your beliefs and extremely loyal to
your loved ones you're always ready to
support them when they need it most
you're a sincere person and others find
it easy to communicate with you you're
not prone to trust issues since you can
easily understand other people their
emotions and mood those around you know
they can rely on you and that you'll
always come to the rescue
number four a rabbit a gentle and
sensitive person usually sees the rabbit
first you're very careful about how you
communicate with others and you always
try to understand their emotions so that
you don't offend them your extreme care
comes from the fact that your feelings
are so easily hurt it can be hard for
you to make decisions and you're pretty
shy about telling others what you want
you don't rush when it comes to solving
problems and prefer to hide from them
you're afraid of change and find it
difficult to leave your comfort zone
you're a gentle and good-natured person
who tries to see the best in
people and does what they can to help
others become better number five a snake
seeing the snake can mean you're a wise
and thoughtful person you're able to
make compromises and find solutions that
suit all parties involved you quickly
adapt to changes and get used to new
things your experience helps you solve
problems and make good decisions
you're a spontaneous and active person
but you're also peaceful and able to
stay calm you notice everything around
you and your analytical skills are
enviable you provide reliable support
and protection for your loved ones and
are ready to defend them from any
adversary number six a cat noticing the
cat at first glance indicates that
you're an independent and confident
person you aren't afraid to be assertive
and to use what you have to your
advantage in fact you can be cunning if
it'll benefit you you're flexible to
changing conditions and are able to
adapt to other people without
inconveniencing yourself you don't
depend on other people's opinions and
instead follow your own clearly defined
plan you're totally fine with being on
your own and you sometimes really just
want to be alone with your thoughts and
feelings
so did you recognize yourself in the
descriptions share what you think about
this test and your result in the comment
section below don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side
you